Updating description fields (#6852)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/data-tests.md

---
title: "Add data tests to your DAG"
sidebar_label: "Data tests"

> description: "Learn how to use data tests when building in dbt."

Author: ```suggestion
description: "Configure data tests in dbt to assess the quality of your input data or the resulting datasets."
```

> description: "Configure data tests in dbt to assess the quality of your input data or the resulting datasets."

Reviewer: sugg using dbt test since this has higher searches per algolia data. data test has no searches

```suggestion
description: "Configure dbt tests to assess the quality of your input data and ensure accuracy in resulting datasets."
```

Author: I think we need to start distinguishing between the two. We were very purposeful in renaming this across the docs and starting to educate folks on the difference. How about:
```suggestion
description: "Configure dbt data tests to assess the quality of your input data and ensure accuracy in resulting datasets."
```
